---
layout: post
title: "welcome!"
---

welcome to my humble abode, my corner if you will. i'm parchi, the person responsible for this mess. 

in this blog, i'll write about whatever I feel like, but it will likely be primarly educational tutorial-ish things about computer science or music production. i'll also probably talk about what i'm doing with my current projects/games. who knows, maybe i'll even do rants about how much i like a game or something, i have literally no idea what im going to do with this thing. 

now *hopefully*, I can get myself to continually update this place with whatever. i decided to finally make a [google spreadsheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YjrTjcnHM_Ycu58MMa9wh1ZrOORpj4Qi06B-nJU0sp8/edit?usp=sharing) of all my project ideas and rabbit holes to get into in the future, which i'll add to whenever I find anything. it should be enough to get me to continue updating it, but I'm not exactly known for being consistent.


## how

for anyone interested in the tech, 

i *hate* html. as a temporary fix until i get a static site generator working, i'm writing this in Markdown, which I store in some folder somewhere, along with [some json file with the meta data](https://parchii.neocities.org/blog/data.json) for each post. the [blog index page](https://parchii.neocities.org/blogindex) fetches that json file, and displays each post. when you click a post, it brings you to the blog page page (what you are looking at right now) along with a url parameter for which file to get. it then just gets that file, simple. 

i compile the markdown using the [Showdown Markdown converter](https://github.com/showdownjs/showdown)(chosen because it was written in javascript and generated html *text*, unlike CommonMark which directly rendered html, and I couldn't be bothered to see if I could fix that). everything else(css, html layout, javascript) was written by me.


## what now

no idea. have a nice day :3



